Welcome, everyone.
In this update, I thought we might reflect on Jehovah's goodness and the way he's been
guiding his people during the pandemic.
I'm sure we all agree with the words of the Psalmist found at Psalm 27 and verse 13,
where would I be if I did not have faith that I would see Jehovah's goodness in the land
of the living?
Where would I be?
That's something to think about, isn't it?
How grateful we are to be associated with Jehovah's organization and to benefit from
its direction and guidance, especially when we see where we could be in the confused
and divided world around us.
With your eyes of faith, do you see Jehovah as directing his people today?
Now, we know he's interested in our spiritual well-being, but what about our physical
well-being, our health?
Does he care about that?
If he does, will he make sure that we get good advice, even on health matters?
To answer that, let's consider the promised Jehovah made as found at Psalm 32 and verse 8.
This is one we know well, but let's look at this from another perspective.
This is Psalm 32 and verse 8.
He says, I will give you insight and instruct you in the way you should go.
I will give you advice with my eye upon you.
So here's a promise, the Jehovah will give us the advice we need,
but advice on what subject?
Think back to the days of Israel.
Was Jehovah interested in the health and safety of his people back then?
He certainly was.
He instructed the Israelites to quarantine the sick.
He told them not to eat unclean birds and animals because doing so could have been harmful
for their health, and he insisted that they build a parapet around the flat roof of their homes
so no one would fall off. He loved his people.
He wanted them to be safe. Jehovah hasn't changed.
He still cares about the health and safety of his people.
Knowing the Psalm we just read, he promised to give us insight, instruction, and advice.
How does he do that today?
He does it by means of his organization.
In some countries, there's been considerable confusion and disagreement over how to deal with the
pandemic. Some chafe at the idea of wearing masks and they refuse to practice physical distancing
even when these precautions are required.
A reminder to Paul's words at 1 Corinthians 14 and 33.
Remember that one?
God is not a God of disorder, but of peace the Bible says.
The disorder we see in the world is proof positive that Jehovah is not with them.
But from Jehovah's organization, we've had clear direction from the very beginning,
and we thank Jehovah for it.
For example, think of the information we've received through recent governing body updates.
This is evidence of Jehovah's loving direction, his goodness.
In last month's update, Brother Lat made a very important point.
He reminded us that the information we're receiving regarding the pandemic
is prepared by faithful brothers. We can trust them.
They aren't motivated by some personal view or political agenda.
They love us. They want the best for us.
I hear someone ask, what do they know?
Wrong question.
I think the right question is, what does Jehovah know?
It comes down to this, friends.
Do I really believe that Jehovah is directing this organization today?
Do I believe that Jehovah will give insight to his faithful people so they can remain in the land
of the living, as the Psalmist said?
To repeat the question we often raise in field service, does God really care?
Would Jehovah allow the governing body, the helpers, missionaries,
huge percentage of the worldwide Bethel family and other full-time servants to engage in practices
or receive a COVID-19 vaccine that would be harmful?
Surely, Jehovah wants the brothers at World Headquarters to continue providing
spiritual food. He wants to make sure that the work continues at our branch offices
and in the field. To do that, we have to be in the land of the living.
And what about the prophecy that a great crowd, which no man can number, will come out of the
great tribulation? Our God is definitely not like Pharaoh, who wanted to kill off an entire
generation of Jehovah's worshipers. We are convinced that Jehovah cares about the health
and safety of his people, and that he will guide us, saying in effect,
this is the way, walk in it, your people. When we embark on a certain course,
we always look for evidence of Jehovah's blessing to see whether we're on the right track or not.
So, has Jehovah blessed our efforts during this pandemic?
Yes, indeed. Well, of course, the pandemic has slowed activities for many of our brothers,
especially in areas without good internet connections. Think of everything you've accomplished
in recent months. Many congregations are reporting record attendances at our virtual congregation
meetings. Inactive ones are returning to Jehovah and how we thank God for that.
Our memorial attendance for 2021 reached an all-time peak of 21,367,603.
And many branches have reported new all-time peaks in the number of publishers.
But that's not all. You've shown exemplary concern and
brotherly affection for one another, proving that you truly are Christ's disciples.
We commend you most warmly. Who can deny that Jehovah is blessing your work?
And consider what the Bethel family has been able to accomplish during the pandemic,
only with Jehovah's blessing. We all appreciate our beautiful new publication and joy life
forever. That was a tremendous amount of work involving hundreds of hours of overtime.
But that's not all that was accomplished during the pandemic. What about the monthly broadcasts?
We never missed one. Then there are the beautiful videos, our regional conventions, the Gilead
graduations, and the annual meetings. All of this was possible because the Bethel family
stayed healthy.